well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
mandates voter turnout
and what that means if you don't know
early voting has started in a couple of
places
and records are being set as far as
voter turnout
that's good theoretically assuming the
polls are accurate
this is the beginning of that landslide
that is rejecting trump and trumpism
we don't actually know that's what's
happening though because there is the
possibility that these are
just super enthusiastic trump voters
that's that is a possibility
however for the purposes of this
conversation we are going to assume
that the polls are accurate and that
we're
we're going to have that landslide
that's good that's good it's it's the
beginning of
the united states the american people
firmly rejecting
trump and trumpism and that's going to
lead to a whole bunch of new people up
there
and this is all good one hand
we're getting rid of that element
the downside to this is that
whether you truly support any particular
candidate or not
at the end of the day you must admit
they are politicians
that's what they are you can't forget
that
and they are walking in with
presumably good numbers
they're they're going to take those poll
results
as approval which is good they have a
mandate
the problem is what's the mandate
to not be trump that's all they have to
be
in their mind is not trump
so they may not really be motivated to
do much
so how do we motivate these uh new
elected representatives
we use that mandate they're not trump
that's that's what they're saying that's
the idea a lot of this is not policy
based
it's about getting rid of trump
cool so to advance
any particular issue because again
the election is a moment not a movement
doesn't actually change anything
nothing inherently changes if trump is
gone
the issues whether it be climate or
jobs or criminal justice reform or
whatever it does not matter
if your elected representative refuses
to
act refuses to advance
a policy to make things better
your terminology to
to move them along should probably be
their adopting trump's policy
because to them their mandate
those numbers rest on the fact that
they're not
trump so
if they don't act at all they're
adopting trump's policy
if they're only willing to return things
to the status quo
they just want to move it to the policy
that gave us
trump this is the terminology you can
use on social media
this is the way that we can motivate
politicians who may not really feel any
pressure
because if this if the voter turnout is
indicative of what we think it is
and the polls are right they're gonna be
walking in
with high numbers which means they're
not going to feel the need to be
responsive
and as much as right now we feel like
you know they're on our team because
they're getting rid of trump they're not
they're not they're going to want what
every first term politician wants
a second term and chipping away
at that mandate of just simply
not being trump is the fastest way
to motivate them if they don't want to
act on something
they are adopting trump's policy if they
only want to return it to a status quo
and not actually improve on it
they want the policy that gave us trump
tie everything back at least for the
first couple of years
you'll be able to tie everything back to
trump
because that's what they're going to
feel like
gave them their success they're the
anti-trump candidate
because again it doesn't matter if you
like them or not
at the end of the day they're
politicians they're walking in
with high numbers according to
everything we're seeing right now
that high numbers does not normally lead
politicians to be very active it doesn't
lead them to be
very responsive to their constituents
because they feel they have a mandate to
do whatever they want
so from day one as soon as it starts
that's where we have to go we have to
push them because the issues don't go
away
simply because there's new people up
there
the election itself is just a moment
if you want change you have to have
movement
anyway it's just a thought you all have
a good day